ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/legacy/FirstExperiments.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.legacy.FirstExperiments
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.legacy.FirstExperiments$1
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/ExtractionConfig.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.ExtractionConfig
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/handlers/CustomRefactoringHandler.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.handlers.CustomRefactoringHandler
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/calcers/KeywordsCalculator.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.calcers.KeywordsCalculator
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/ExtractionRunner.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.ExtractionRunner
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/calcers/GitBlameAnalyzer.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.calcers.GitBlameAnalyzer
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/csv/models/CSVItem.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.csv.models.CSVItem
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/handlers/MetadataExtractor.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.handlers.MetadataExtractor
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/trie/NodeUtils.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.trie.NodeUtils
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/RefactoringsExtractor.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.RefactoringsExtractor
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/legacy/DatasetPostprocessor.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.legacy.DatasetPostprocessor
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/calcers/MembersSets.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.calcers.MembersSets
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/legacy/OutputUtils.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.legacy.OutputUtils
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/calcers/MemberSetsGenerator.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.calcers.MemberSetsGenerator
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/legacy/Tmp.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.legacy.Tmp
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/csv/models/Feature.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.csv.models.Feature
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/legacy/CSVBuilder.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.legacy.CSVBuilder
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/trie/Trie.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.trie.Trie
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/CMDCaller.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.CMDCaller
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/collectors/LocCollector.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.collectors.LocCollector
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/MethodDataExtractor.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.MethodDataExtractor
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/csv/SparseCSVBuilder.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.csv.SparseCSVBuilder
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/fd/FalseDatasetCreator.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.fd.FalseDatasetCreator
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/calcers/CouplingCalculator.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.calcers.CouplingCalculator
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/utils/trie/TrieNode.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.utils.trie.TrieNode
ru/hse/kirilenko/refactorings/csv/models/ICSVItem.java
 ru.hse.kirilenko.refactorings.csv.models.ICSVItem
